README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://tonstarter.tokamak.network"><img alt="TONStarter" src="https://tonstarter.tokamak.network/static/media/fld_bi_gray.bec69ff3.svg" width=600></a>
  <br />
  <h3>TONStarter is a decentralized launchpad platform, developed & maintained by community.</h3>
  <br />
</div>

**Table of Contents**
- [What is TONStarter?](#what-is-tonstarter)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Repository](#repository)
- [Community hosted links](#community-hosted-links)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## What is TONStarter?
TONStarter is a decentralized launchpad platform, originally designed by Tokamak Network to support projects on Ethereum and L2 Networks. Since August 2024, TONStarter has transitioned to a community-driven development model. Please note that all official support and development from Tokamak Network is paused, but feel free to fork and reuse it.

## Documentation
- **Announcements:** Past announcements can be found on [Medium blog](https://medium.com/tokamak-network/search?q=tonstarter)
- **Etherscan guide:** Interact with TONStarter contracts using [Etherscan guide](./docs/EN/readme.md)
- **Guide to build on L2:** If you want to build TONStarter on L2, [check this documentation](https://github.com/tokamak-network/l2-project-launch/tree/main/doc)

## Repository
All repositories related to development for TONStarter is provided here. Please note that there are no official support for them. Use at your own risk.  

| Type     | Name |Status                        |
|----------|------|-------------------------------|
|     Whitepaper    |   [tonstarter-docs](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-docs)      |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed 
| Contract |  [tonstarter-contracts](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-contracts)|  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-contract-upgrade](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-contract-upgrade)         | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-project-token](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-project-token)         |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-token-distribution](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-token-distribution)         | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-publicSaleUpgrade](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-publicSaleUpgrade)   |   :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tosv2-contracts](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tosv2-contracts)        |   :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [tonstarter-frontend](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-frontend)        |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [tosv2-interface](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tosv2-interface)         |    :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [TONStarter-templates](https://github.com/tokamak-network/TONStarter-templates)         |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Backend    |   [ico20-server](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ico20-server)      | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [l2-project-launch](https://github.com/tokamak-network/l2-project-launch)      |  :x: Incomplete
|     Frontend    |   [tonstarter-l2](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-l2)         |  :x: Incomplete
|     SDK    |   [TONStarter-sdk](https://github.com/tokamak-network/TONStarter-sdk)          |  :x: Incomplete
## Local hosting
You can host TONStarter in local environment. Please follow this guide. As this is more of a reference hosting, we do not recommend using this software for production. Please do your own research. 

## Community hosted links
Following links are hosted by a community member and are not endorsed by us. Use at your own risk; we do not provide any guarantee or support for using these links.  
- [TONStarter]()
- [TOSv2]()

## Contributing
Currently, there are no official Tokamak Network members developing TONStarter. You can fork the repository and make contribution directly. The admin functions for existing contracts will be removed, and new contracts that uses existing TOS token can be deployed by anyone.

Commit message:

added subgraph information and community hosted links

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <br />
  <br />
  <a href="https://tonstarter.tokamak.network"><img alt="TONStarter" src="https://tonstarter.tokamak.network/static/media/fld_bi_gray.bec69ff3.svg" width=600></a>
  <br />
  <h3>TONStarter is a decentralized launchpad platform, developed & maintained by community.</h3>
  <br />
</div>

**Table of Contents**
- [What is TONStarter?](#what-is-tonstarter)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Repository](#repository)
- [Community hosted links](#community-hosted-links)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## What is TONStarter?
TONStarter is a decentralized launchpad platform, originally designed by Tokamak Network to support projects on Ethereum and L2 Networks. Since August 2024, TONStarter has transitioned to a community-driven development model. Please note that all official support and development from Tokamak Network is paused, but feel free to fork and reuse it.

## Documentation
- **Announcements:** Past announcements can be found on [Medium blog](https://medium.com/tokamak-network/search?q=tonstarter)
- **Etherscan guide:** Interact with TONStarter contracts using [Etherscan guide](./docs/EN/readme.md)
- **Guide to build on L2:** If you want to build TONStarter on L2, [check this documentation](https://github.com/tokamak-network/l2-project-launch/tree/main/doc)

## Repository
All repositories related to development for TONStarter is provided here. Please note that there are no official support for them. Use at your own risk.  

| Type     | Name |Status                        |
|----------|------|-------------------------------|
|     Whitepaper    |   [tonstarter-docs](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-docs)      |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed 
| Contract |  [tonstarter-contracts](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-contracts)|  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-contract-upgrade](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-contract-upgrade)         | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-project-token](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-project-token)         |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-token-distribution](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-token-distribution)         | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tonstarter-publicSaleUpgrade](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-publicSaleUpgrade)   |   :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [tosv2-contracts](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tosv2-contracts)        |   :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [tonstarter-frontend](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-frontend)        |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [tosv2-interface](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tosv2-interface)         |    :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Frontend    |   [TONStarter-templates](https://github.com/tokamak-network/TONStarter-templates)         |  :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Backend    |   [ico20-server](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ico20-server)      | :heavy_check_mark: Completed
|     Contract    |   [l2-project-launch](https://github.com/tokamak-network/l2-project-launch)      |  :x: Incomplete
|     Frontend    |   [tonstarter-l2](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-l2)         |  :x: Incomplete
|     SDK    |   [TONStarter-sdk](https://github.com/tokamak-network/TONStarter-sdk)          |  :x: Incomplete
## Local hosting
You can host TONStarter in local environment. Please follow this guide. As this is more of a reference hosting, we do not recommend using this software for production. Please do your own research. 
- [TONStarter](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tonstarter-frontend/tree/archiving)
- [TOSv2](https://github.com/tokamak-network/tosv2-interface/tree/archiving)

Please note that new UniswapV3 rewards program created require to build an event driven database (such as subgraph) to interact using our Etherscan guide or local hosting guide.

## Community hosted links
Following links are hosted by a community member and are not endorsed by us. Use at your own risk; we do not provide any guarantee or support for using these links.  
- [TONStarter](https://sonyoungsung.github.io/tonstarter-interface/)
- [TOSv2](https://sonyoungsung.github.io/tosv2-interface/)

## Contributing
Currently, there are no official Tokamak Network members developing TONStarter. You can fork the repository and make contribution directly. The admin functions for existing contracts will be removed, and new contracts that uses existing TOS token can be deployed by anyone.
